BUG-02
Make the Frontend Client run on port 9331 for local
development.
Context
- To avoid clashing with other local clients which already run on port 8181 we need the Frontend Client to
run locally on 9331.

BUG-08
Sign out is broken!
Functional Requirements
- When I press on the Log out button I’m expecting to sign out and be redirected to the sign in screen,
however this is not working.
- Some users have complained that they even couldn’t find the sign out button.

FEAT-04
Hide publicly visible password from the sign in screen
Functional Requirements
- The password field should be concealed so when our users fill in their password it can’t be seen by
their physical neighbours when the look over their shoulder

BUG-05
When authentication failed on the sign in screen an error
should be shown
Functional Requirements
- On the sign in screen when you fill in an incorrect password an error message should be shown. (This
worked in the past but stopped working somewhere last month.)
- The error message should be in a warning color and showing “The password you’ve filled in is
incorrect”

FEAT-01
Make the sessions page private, so it's not accessible
unauthorised. (You don't need to implement the login)
Functional Requirements
- Please make the /sessions page private so it's not accessible unless the password `private-key` is used
on the sign in screen
Technical Requirements
- The component `PrivateRoute` is already provided in the project, although we aren't sure if it works out
of the box!


FEAT-03
FAQ for Account Managers
Context
We are growing our team of account managers and business developers which are first in line with
customer support. We get more and more questions and want to support our team with a knowledge
base of questions and answers they can give about our products.
The knowledge base should be easy in use and work both when account managers are on the road and
at schools and when they are with customers on the phone.
Content
The base for questions and answers can be found on https://hoy.app/faq/parent, https://hoy.app/faq/
teacher, https://hoy.app/faq/school, https://hoy.app/faq/student.
You can find the Schoolwiki questions and answers on https://www.notion.so/schoolwiki/SchoolwikiHandleiding-649efdc5ceb74516a2ffe068ddf692fa
Functional Requirements
- The knowledge base should divide FAQ’s over our products Hoy and Schoolwiki and questions should
be marked with their target audience (parents, teachers, school admins, students)
- The knowledge base should be able to to be used on both mobile, tablet and desktop devices.
- You should be able to search through the knowledge base
- You should be able to filter per product and target audience
- Items should be visually appealing and recognisable
Technical Requirements
- There will be an API available later on, so the FAQ may be hardcoded for now

FEAT-07
Search for sessions
Functional Requirements
- The sessions overview should be searchable. There is already a search bar in the UI, but that is not
implemented yet.
- I want to be able to search for customer name, user name or user id

BUG-06
On the first page of sessions, the pagination doesn’t
show the active page number
Functional Requirements
- When you navigate to the sessions overview, without interfering with the pagination, page 1 should be
marked as active.
- When you use the pagination navigating to other pages, it should also be active on the correct page


FEAT-10
Custom sorting sessions
Functional Requirements
- When I visit the sessions overview I want to be able to set the sorting on the created date
- I want to be able to sort ascending or descending based on the created date
Technical Requirements
- Currently the sessions are sorted randomly based on how the API returns the data, this can’t be
changed.

FEAT-09
Show the latest sign in on the dashboard
Functional Requirements
- On the Dashboard page in the admin panel we would like to see which user has been signed in last.
- Show the user’s name and the school they’ve signed into including with how long ago it happened.

BUG-11
Show more sessions in the overview
Functional Requirements
- Currently we only show 5 items per page, please update this to 20 so we can show more data on a
page and don’t need to browse as much.
